It is form and content
The picture presents the facts in logical space, the existence and non-existence of atomic facts.
This fixed form consists of the objects.
The world is everything that is the case.
Any one can either be the case or not be the case, and everything else remain the same.
If things can occur in atomic facts, this possibility must already lie in them.
A speck in a visual field need not be red, but it must have a colour;
The object is simple. 
The fixed, the existent and the object are one.
The form is the possibility of the structure.
We make to ourselves pictures of facts.
The picture is a model of reality.
The picture, however, cannot represent its form of representation; it shows it forth.
What the picture represents is its sense.
It cannot be discovered from the picture alone whether it is true or false.
The totality of true thoughts is a picture of the world.
It used to be said that God could create everything, except what was contrary to the laws of logic.
To present in language anything which “contradicts logic” is as impossible as in geometry to present by its co-ordinates a figure which contradicts the laws of space.
or to give the co-ordinates of a point which does not exist.
An a priori true thought would be one whose possibility guaranteed its truth.
Only facts can express a sense, a class of names cannot.
The postulate of the possibility of the simple signs is the postulate of the determinateness of the sense.
The name cannot be analysed further by any definition. It is a primitive sign.
Every part of a proposition which characterizes its sense I call an expression (a symbol).
The sign is the part of the symbol perceptible by the senses.
In the language of everyday life it very often happens that the same word signifies in two different ways.
Of course, if water boils in a pot, steam comes out of the pot and also pictured steam comes out of the pictured pot. But what if one insisted on saying that there must also be something boiling in the picture of the pot?
In logic nothing is accidental: if a thing can occur in an atomic fact the possibility of that atomic fact must already be prejudged in the thing.
